===========
Source code
===========
http://repo.or.cz/w/rst2info.git

=============
Prerequisites
=============
sudo apt-get install python-nose python-docutils

=========
Run tests
=========
$ nosetests

==========================
Self-indulgent description
==========================
You are dusting cobwebs off rst2info, a project that began in July
2009 with the good intentions of eventually being able to convert
Python documentation into Texinfo format, so the Author could browse
the blasted thing into Emacs as the gods intended.

See, Python 2.6 (and 3.0) switched documentation formats to
yet-another-light-markup-language which could only produce HTML and
PDF files out of the box, meaning the info files we were used to from
2.5 and earlier disappeared. Fortunately, the same powers that be that
decided to invent yet-another-light-markup-language went some way
towards clawing their way out of the pit by developing a decent enough
parsing and processing toolkit for the thing.

On the upside, there was a good looking framework to start building
upon. On the downside, the Author had no real knowledge of either
reStructuredText or Texinfo format, and I suspect not enough
enthusiasm to learn either in depth suitable for the task, so the
whole thing was doomed from the first commit.

So while you've been reading this, and wondering what is is about the
internet that leads you to spend your time on that sort of thing, the
Author has probably long since lost interest and is reading something
else on the internet, and wondering what it is that leads him to spend
his time on that sort of thing.

In the mean time, I suggest you clone the repo, run nosetests, and see
just what got done before the Apathycalypse. If it serves as any sort
of a useful codebase for you, good luck with it.

